********************************************************************************
GENERAL GUI

Created by Navid Fallahinia

18 June 2017
University of Utah

Biorobotics Lab
********************************************************************************

This is intended to be a generic GUI for use with the Magnetic Levitation Haptic
Device (MLHD or Maglev), with classes to facilitate interaction with all of the
various components.

The intent is that this program may be used for diagnostic purposes, as well as
a base for development of new applications when future research requires it.
Copy this entire folder to a new working folder in order to modify it for your
individual needs.

********************************************************************************
Please do not modify the contents of this folder for your individual research.
Only modify this folder if you intend to change the general GUI template!
********************************************************************************

Description of contents:

BarPlot - Class files giving the ability to show real-time bar plots of data.
    Generally intended as a way to display instantaneous forces and torques
    during experiments.

CameraControl - Class files for interacting with the Point Grey Research FLEA
    camera through the IEEE 1394 port.  Uses the dc1394 library.

ForceSensor - Class files for interacting with the Sensoray 626 card and,
    through it, the ATI Nano17 force/torque sensor.

ImageDisplay - Class files for displaying images in an extended Fl_Box.

Images - Class files for handling images.

MaglevControl - Class files for interacting with the MLHD (Magnetic Levitation
    Haptic Device).

TimeHandler - Class files for tracking time.

TimePlot - Class files giving the ability to show real-time xy scatter plots of
    data.  Generally intended as a way to display data over time (i.e., the last
    5 seconds of force or position data).

TrajectoryData - Class files for tracking a trajectory.

UserInterface - Class files for the GUI (Graphical User Interface).  These were
    originally generated using FLUID and take advantage of FLTK, but have been
    heavily modified from the file generated by FLUID.
